Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Mano. are we there yet?
We're almost there.
Lalitha. you have seemed very quiet
since you arrived.
Lalitha?
- Lalitha?
- What is it?
I think Lalitha has not forgotten
what happened back in the college.
No. nothing of that sort.
He is to blame for it.
He hung out with me all the time.
He never mentioned that you both
were in love with each other.
Had he mentioned
we could've avoided the confusion.
I feel you both are making
a hasty decision.
Shall I try speaking to your father?
I may convince him.
We tried everything possible.
There's no use.
There's a difference when you both try.
and I try.
I'm well aware of her father's traits.
It'll be an unnecessary ordeal to you.
Shall I ask my father to speak
to you father?
We don't have time for it. Mano.
Hear me out!
Parents can be very sad when their child
marries without their approval.
Mano. please hear me out.
We don't have time for it.
- You guys are not old to not have time.
- Hey!
Lalitha is pregnant.
Do you have any sense?
Why would you halt
in the middle of the road?
The wheel is stuck in the pit.
Due to the load.
I can't pull out the wheel.
How do you expect me to go?
Please wait. sir. Please wait!
Hurry up!
Please come.
Please watch your corner.
Please. sir. this way.
That's it!
Keep driving.
Mano. how come it's not raining here?
I don't know.
What happened. Lalitha?
- Nothing!
- Fine. let's go.
This is our new beach house.
It'll be safe.
Tonight. you can stay over here.
I'll make arrangements for the wedding
in the morning and get you both.
Thanks a lot. Mano.
I know that you'll fix everything.
Only now. I'm at peace.
Lately. I was going insane.
No formalities. my friend.
You guys get some sleep.
I'll see you in the morning.
Sure!
I did not forget anything. Lalitha.
You're an unforgettable defeat
in my life.
You could've gone elsewhere
to start a new life.
Why would you come to me
and remind me of my defeat?
I can't take this. Lalitha.
I can't digest the fact
that you're with him.
You made a mistake.
You shouldn't have come to me.
[rhythmic reverberating sound]
Ganesh. what happened?
Who did it?
[mumbling]
[distorted voice]
Listen. we need help.
We need help...
- We're stuck in a problem.
- Hello? Hello?
- Madam. your voice is breaking up.
- Hello?
Please tell me your name.
- Can you hear me?
- Hello. Madam!
Where are you calling from?
[distorted voice]
I'm calling from Uppalapakkam.
Madam. where in Uppalapakkam?
Hello?
Are you connected?
Hello? Madam?
Hello!
Control room to patrol!
We got an emergency call
from Uppalapakkam.
If any patrol is available in that area.
please respond right away.
I know it. Inspector.
That you don't believe a word
I'm saying.
Your wife. who called emergency.
is missing.
When I came to enquire.
I only found you.
You did not cooperate.
beat up the police.
and tried to escape.
Now you're constantly yelling
to find your wife.
Sir. you're unaware of what went down.
Yet you're torturing me.
Do you call this torture?
I did not start with you yet.
Sir. on what basis you're holding me here?
Did she ever mention
that her husband is causing problems?
Within seven years of marriage...
if the wife goes missing
or something ill happens to her.
Do you know who's the first suspect?
Husband.
- Sasi. bring out the vehicle.
- Okay. sir.
You will remain here until we figure out
what happened to your wife.
- Selvam.
- Sir!
- Take care of him.
- Okay. sir.
Hey. come on. stand up.
Stand up!
I'm the reason she went missing.
- It's my mistake.
- Hey. get up!
I'm left with only one option
to make another mistake.
Get up! Hey!
How far what you told is true?
Which one?
The one where you said.
"All love stories in the beginning
are colorful."
"All sugar and sweet!"
"But it fades out with time."
First. you tell me
what you are feeling now.
Lot of misunderstandings.
What can I say!
I fear he might suggest to take a break
from each other.
Come on. Vasanth.
wouldn't do such a thing.
I know right!
You're correct!
I know he's nice.
But this thought is subconsciously
pricking me.
- Life depends on one's needs.
- Hey!
- Come on! I'll introduce you to them.
- Hi!
- Guys. my best friend. Prabha!
- I know she is.
- Shall we go inside?
Yeah. let's go!
♪ Hey. sweetheart ♪
♪ There are numerous worlds
in front of us ♪
♪ Are you in doubt in which world to live
Because of me? ♪
♪ Hey. sweetheart ♪
♪ Is the time racing behind? ♪
♪ Did the angel tell us
To renew the ones that ended? ♪
♪ Every life is now centered
Around the mobile in every hand ♪
♪ There is a heaven called love
In everyone's heart ♪
♪ When we fall asleep while still awake. ♪
♪ we enter an underworld called dreams ♪
♪ When the dawn breaks
and we wake up ♪
♪ The true world reveals itself
in many forms. ♪
♪ Hey. sweetheart ♪
♪ There are numerous worlds
in front of us ♪
♪ Are you in doubt in which world to live
Because of me? ♪
♪ Why do we need the moments
of the past and the future? ♪
♪ To forget sorrow and dreams.
Let's follow our heart ♪
♪ We eagerly for the Fridays to end
When the Mondays began ♪
♪ We are reborn every weekend ♪
This is Ketamine.
It's used as an anesthetic
during surgeries.
Bringing it outside the hospital
is a huge offense.
If we mix 2-3 drops in the drink...
we'll be on cloud nine.
One of my colleagues
went on trekking to Munnar.
He consumed it on the night he arrived.
He slept around late night.
When he woke and checked...
He slept for a week in the forest.
Don't listen to him. He's crazy!
He's always rambling.
- Hey!
- What is it?
- To hell with you!
Pegs himself to be Heisenberg
to state Chemistry formula.
Stop instigating people.
Don't discuss unnecessary things.
Shut up!
♪ If we keep suppressing our hearts.
It will explode one day ♪
♪ Express your anger. love. sadness.
and happiness ♪
♪ As and when you feel it ♪
♪ Now and then. just be human
And be crazy ♪
♪ If you are bored with yourself.
Just change yourself ♪
- I'll be back in a minute.
- Sure.
Hello?
Yeah! Yeah! Definitely!
I'll call you back.
Hey. Arun!
- I'm sorry! I did not see her.
- Don't you have any sense?
Can't you watch your step?
- I'm sorry.
- It's not his mistake.
You shut up.
He did it on purpose.
- Sorry!
- It's okay. Let it go.
Are you okay?
- Hey!
- Oh. God!
Hey! Hey!
- Dude. what's wrong with you?
- Nothing. don't worry.
- What is the problem?
- Let go of me!
- Hey. how dare you?
- It's nothing.
- You're too drunk!
- Nothing to worry.
- Don't worry. Aranya!
- Don't create a scene.
- Please hear me out.
- Calm down!
- Bro. bro. bro...
- How dare you hit me?
- Please let it go!
- Stop it!
Oh. my God!
We spoke to them and resolved the issue.
No issues anymore.
Drive carefully.
Thank you.
Hey. sorry. I have to leave.
You carry on. I'll call you.
What is it?
I never said anything.
You may leave!
Start the car!
Everything was going so good.
You spoiled everyone's mood!
Only you're capable of it. Vasanth.
I don't get it!
Just 'cause you're drunk.
you don't realize. do you?
- What do you want me to do?
- Hey!
You've done enough.
Or do you intend to cause more trouble?
I did not beat them 'cause I was drunk.
You don't know about men like them.
What I did is right.
Just stop it!
There's no point in talking to you.
Instead of talking to you...
Vasanth!
- Vasanth. don't!
- Come on. Bring it on!
You messed with the wrong person!
You're dead meat! Bring it on!
Hey. Aranya. what now?
It's been a year and a half
since we went out.
This is a small incident.
It's silly to stay indoors
for such matters.
Small incident. you say.
Listen. it's not just about
yesterday's incident.
I can't take leave from work.
You never took a day off for a year
and a half when I wanted to go out.
Now when you wanted to go on a vacation
how do you expect me to get off?
- Shall I go?
- Don't even think about it.
I won't come.
And you can't go either.
Hey. are you seeking revenge?
You think so?
Fine. let me know your vacation plan.
Erm... you see...
- Just some couple of beers and...
- Get drunk and sleep!
It doesn't matter where you do it.
Rather stay home.
I ought to...
Okay. I have an idea.
Let's go to our new place.
It's near the beach and it's calm.
You can do anything you want.
Drink. rest up and have fun.
I won't question you.
- It's not a vacation.
- True. I'll go to work daily.
See. you have one week off.
And two days are already up.
Travel will take another two days.
What would you do
with just two days to spend?
You have two options.
One: This house.
Two: New house.
Pick one!
Meanwhile put the clothes to dry.
[radio] Today. the moon will orbit
in close range to the Earth.
This is termed as Super Moon!
It's a rare event
that's taking place after 70 years.
Before. in 1964.
it came this close to the earth.
- Hey. check this out.
- The moon will appear bigger...
than its normal size.
Why are you so quiet?
Hello. I saved 90%
from your so-called vacation.
Rightfully. you should be thanking me.
Vasanth!
What's running on your mind?
I bought just whiskey.
I should have bought a case of beer. too.
Huh!
Hey. careful!
Why do you have to smoke while driving?
What happened?
It feels like this has happened before.
Watch now.
you'll see an old car arriving.
The car you mentioned never arrived.
This is called Deja Vu!
Experiencing something that feels familiar.
even though it's happening
for the first time.
Sir. here I come!
Good morning. sir.
Come on!
- Welcome. madam. Welcome. sir.
- Welcome. madam!
Hi!
- Welcome. ma'am.
- Welcome. sir.
Welcome to Coastal Paradise.
We are so happy to have you here.
You're the first customer to occupy
the Premium Villas.
As you suddenly decided to visit.
we could not finish everything on time.
The parking area
is still under construction.
For two days you can use
the clubhouse parking.
I have informed the local Police station.
They will patrol the area during the night.
There's a security guard stationed
at the gate.
Tomorrow another security guard
will join him.
A generator has been installed.
Maximum. there will be no power cut.
Even if it's down.
the security will switch on the backup.
You don't have to worry about the safety.
We will leave in four days.
So. that's okay.
Any specific reason?
It's nothing big...
I wanted to ask you...
There's no Church or any building nearby.
But there's a lone statue!
Madam. that's a long story.
Forty to fifty years ago that statue was
being transported to a fishing village.
During transportation.
it rained cats and dogs in this area.
The vehicle broke down in the rain.
The next day. they brought
another vehicle for transportation.
Once again the vehicle broke down
at the same spot.
The people of the Church considered it
as a divine intervention...
and it has chose this as the spot.
So. they placed the statue at this spot.
Madam?
Okay. madam. we'll take our leave.
- Please call me if you need anything.
- Thank you.
- Thank you. Let's go.
This place is so calm.
Living a fast life in the city...
and experiencing calmness over here
feels different.
Hey!
What happened? Attention craver!
Come on.
let's go to the supermarket nearby.
- Now?
- Yes. now!
There's nothing at home.
Let's go.
You could've bought it on the way.
Go. go. go. go. go!
You're annoying!
I got a gift for you.
Gift?
- What is it?
- It's a surprise.
What's with the surprise?
Buy only the essential items.
It's not like we're going to stay here
for a year.
I need this.
Stop nagging me!
Here. add this too. Snacks for drinks.
- Ma'am. cash or card?
- Card!
Ma'am. billing address?
Coastal Paradise. Old Church Road.
Uppalapakkam.
Mobile number. sir?
- 984...
- Bro!
Sorry. bro.
Last night it was unpleasant.
I did tell him
that it would create a problem.
But he never listened.
Sorry. bro. Sorry. sister.
Hey. say sorry. Come on. say it!
- Sorry!
- It's okay. bro. Okay.
I... I. too. overreacted to the situation.
Don't take it to your heart.
Okay?
Okay. bro!
- Yeah!
- Aranya. let's go.
Why are you talking to them?
I didn't want to create a scene.
Didn't you want to go to the salon?
Never mind. Let's go home.
Fine. let's go.
Keep it straight up!
It might spill.
Get in.
Bro! Hey. bro!
- Is this your bike?
- Yes!
♪ Come on. Baby... ♪
Hey! Hey! Hey. let it go!
Dude. not here.
We'll handle him later.
I ought to...
Hey!
Bro. you broke my car
and I broke your bike.
You apologized to me.
I'll apologize to you.
Now we're even!
Pay for the bat. bro!
You still think you're a bachelor.
It never occurs to you
that you're with your wife.
I don't know how
I will lead a life with you.
I agree you're strong and courageous.
Are you a rogue to keep fighting
with everyone?
It bothers me that you don't think about
how it makes me feel.
Had you not done anything.
I would've been disappointed.
They'd break our windshield
at their will and apologize.
It does not make it right.
They deserve what you did.
Still. what you did was wrong.
Don't repeat it!
- I'll go and check.
- Wait. I'll go.
- Let me help you with it.
- Stop pretending. We're home.
What is this?
It's good!
- When did you order?
- I never ordered it.
If not you then who ordered it?
I thought you ordered it.
Check for the sender's name.
It says. "Regards to Vasanth."
I don't know who sent it.
Okay. here...
This is not the right spot.
So...
Step aside.
Why would they not put their name
if it's from our friends?
Perhaps it's a surprise!
How's this a surprise?
Check who sent it.
I can't keep calling everyone to find out.
Don't you find this weird?
What's weird about it?
- Do as you please.
- Hey!
You want to know who sent it. right?
I'll check in my group.
You don't know my friends.
Everyone will claim they sent it.
We won't know who sent it.
And we'll remain confused.
Hey. Aranya!
I'm speaking to you.
but you don't respond.
♪ My sweet and naughty temptress ♪
♪ You made your way into my heart ♪
♪ You're the Gold
That lights up my world ♪
♪ Your courage inspires me
To be bold as well ♪
♪ My sweet and naughty temptress ♪
♪ You made your way into my heart ♪
♪ You're the Gold
That lights up my world ♪
♪ Your courage inspires me
To be bold as well ♪
♪ Oh. lady ♪
♪ I don't know why I met you
My balance is off ♪
♪ My life is changing after seeing you
Who are you? ♪
♪ Are you shaping me up? ♪
♪ You are my life ♪
♪ Come to me. dear ♪
♪ The music of the dawn
Will sing your beauty ♪
♪ Why is my heart raging with love
Deep in your thoughts? ♪
♪ How come you are striking me? ♪
♪ Without a knife
And without making me bleed ♪
♪ You are keeping me under your spell
I do not wish for you ♪
♪ Please do not kill me ♪
♪ My sweet and naughty temptress ♪
♪ You made your way into my heart ♪
♪ You're the Gold
That lights up my world ♪
♪ Your courage inspires me
To be bold as well ♪
♪ Oh. lady ♪
♪ I don't know why I met you
My balance is off ♪
♪ My life is changing after seeing you
Who are you? ♪
♪ Are you shaping me up? ♪
♪ You are my life ♪
♪ Come to me. dear ♪
Hey. Vasanth!
Check who is it before opening the door.
Vasanth. please hear me out!
- What brings you so late at night?
- Why are you here?
What's the confusion?
Why did you ask me to come over?
I never asked you to come over.
You called me and asked me to come over.
I never called you.
Didn't you call me...
My phone...
Oh. no. my phone is inside the car.
Hey. I just sent a text.
Our confusion was about
who sent this painting.
So. this is your problem.
There's no sender's name.
Does it not look suspicious?
It does not!
Unbelievable!
What happened?
It does not look suspicious to me.
If I do I'll let you know.
Or the sender will reveal themselves.
Okay? Now let it go.
- You're correct.
- Correct?
It looks like an expensive painting.
Who would send it without a sender's name?
That too to your new house.
Who else knows that you're here?
- Our friends know.
- Who else?
Who else...?
What about the Villa promoters?
They may have sent you a gift.
What do you say. Aranya?
You guys got drunk
and pulling my leg late at night.
Hey. not me. Just him.
Please spare me.
I'm busy with my business.
It's too late.
- I need to get some sleep.
- I don't understand.
Buddy. is there a problem?
Hey. there's no problem.
You carry on.
Hey. why is the time on your clock
is different?
Fix it!
We just got here.
I'll tend to it soon.
- You carry on.
- Bye.
Bye!
Did he come all the way
for this minor issue?
That too late at night.
How would I know?
He may have come to check
if everything's good.
I don't get it.
What was he checking on?
You won't get it.
Suresh is worried about me.
After the incident at the party...
he's a little suspicious about me.
Huh!
He's afraid
that I'll join Vicky and do drugs.
He called me. But denies it.
How much will you smoke?
Enough!
Hello!
Yes. sir. Tell me.
The signal is poor.
Let me step out.
- Hey?
- Hello?
- Where are you going?
- I'll be back.
- Get back soon.
- Hello...
Sir. one second.
Okay. sir. Okay. Done!
I'll inform you in the morning.
Okay. Okay. Thank you. sir.
Are you done?
Or do you still have more to go?
[rhythmic reverberating sound]
It should be back on soon.
How do you know?
Didn't they say there's power backup?
The security will handle it.
I doubt he will.
When we arrived
there was no security at the gate.
Hopeless!
Who are you calling?
I'm calling the Project Manager
from morning.
- Hello?
- Mr. Mani.
- Tell me. sir.
- This is Vasanth calling.
Yes. Sir.
The power is down
and we're sitting in the dark.
I don't think the security guard
switched on the generator.
Could you please check
and get back to me.
Sir. he must be at the gate.
Since evening he's not at the gate
hence I'm calling you.
Oh. is it?
I'm sorry. Sir.
Sir. it's not an issue.
The power backup is in the
basement parking of the clubhouse.
It's easy to turn it on.
You have to press a button.
- If you have any doubts...
- Please hang up.
Sir. sir...
What's he saying?
He's suggesting us to switch it on.
Why should we do it?
Let it go.
I don't have the time for it.
Let me go and check.
If I don't.
then we'll be sitting in the dark.
Wait. I'm coming too.
What happened?
- Nothing...
- Come on.
Hey! Look up!
It looks beautiful.
Where's the generator?
Have you ever done this before?
He was being polite and courteous.
But the manager deceived us.
Whoa!
Let's go.
Vasanth. what's the hurry?
Why don't you leave me behind?
Deja Vu. again?
Are you getting flashes of occurred events?
Vasanth...
Hey!
What happened?
Why do you look disturbed?
Nothing to worry.
Okay. cheer up! Come!
There's...
There's someone over there!
I saw someone looking at us.
I just saw!
I told you.
Hey!
The breeze might've knocked it down.
No. Vasanth.
I'm sure I saw someone.
I saw someone keenly looking at us.
Maybe it's the security guard.
No. Vasanth...
Hey. Aranya.
I hope it's not a prank.
Would I pull a prank?
I swear. someone was here.
It could be the truth.
We'll handle it.
Why were you so afraid?
You're vulnerable.
I'm not vulnerable.
You did not see what I saw.
That's it.
Since evening. things have been awry.
My mind is restless.
Vacation should be relaxing.
not give you stress.
Vasanth!
They said we were the only occupants.
But the light is on
inside the opposite house.
Did you notice when we stepped out?
The power was down.
What about when we returned?
I don't remember seeing it on.
That means it came on now.
I told you there's someone out here.
Like us. they must've
moved in unplanned.
I did not notice
anyone coming during the day.
We were away during the day.
We only returned in the evening.
Maybe someone arrived during that time.
Wait. let me check.
Hello.-Hello. sir. This
is security. Vincent.
Hello! Hello. where were you?
Is it the security guard?-Sir.
my grandchild fell sick.
- It got delayed at the hospital.
- Ask him about the other house.
Umm... It's nothing.
Did anyone other than us occupy today?
No one else arrived.
Why do you ask?
The light is on
inside the house opposite to ours.
- Opposite house?
- Yes!
The opposite house is yet to be sold.
There's no way the light is on.
[rhythmic reverberating sound]
What was that sound?
I've never heard a sound like this.
It's coming from nearby.
[rhythmic reverberating sound continues]
What happened?
- No one is out there.
- What do you mean?
You see...
Am I confused. or...
someone else is doing it on purpose.
I don't know!
Hey!
Old Church Road. Upalapakkam.
Vasanth!
I thought they said
we were the only occupants.
But the light is back on
inside that house.
The light is back on?
Wait. I'll go and check.
Vasanth. I'll tag along.
- I'll check who's out there.
- Are you sure?
Vasanth!
- Hey! Aranya! Aranya!
- Vasanth...
Ar...
Vasanth... Vasanth. everything out here...
Everything in this house
is similar to our house.
The curtain. the couch...
Everything is same as our house.
The glass. the painting...
- What are you saying?
- Let get out from here.
- Everything same as our house...
- Aranya!
- Same as our house.
- Aranya. calm down.
Wait!
Hey!
Hold on!
There's someone inside.
Let's go! Let's go. let's go. let's go!
Hey!
Oh. my God!
Oh. my God! This is crazy!
Vasanth. you saw what was out there.
There are two people over there
who look just like us!
- Aranya...
- I don't get any of it.
- We should leave this place.
- Aranya. calm down.
Let get out from here.
Let's not stay here anymore.
- Please. Aranya...
- It's driving me crazy!
- I don't understand what's happening.
- Give me time to think.
It's not what it looks like.
Aranya?
Aranya! Aranya!
Hear me out.
I think someone is trying to play us.
They're trying to scare us.
Apart from us.
there's a third person present.
I found it near that house.
It was still burning.
Someone just threw it away.
Aranya. what happened?
- Wait...
- What happened?
Where are you going?
Look. this is the gift I got you.
Cuban Cigar!
Same brand.
You don't get this in India.
I asked my friend to get it
from Bahamas for you.
Vasanth. this belong to us.
How's this possible?
Oh. God! I don't get it either.
Something inexplicable is happening.
Vasanth. please let's leave from here.
Vasanth...
Vasanth!
I'm talking to you.
Say something!
I observed that the same thing
was occurring at that house.
Don't turn around.
Wait!
Come on. hurry up!
Oh. no!
Start the car!
Hey. did you notice?
- I don't get it.
- What happened?
Hey! That's what I was telling you about.
We're circling...
back to the same spot.
Don't you get it?
It's not a different car.
We are looking at the rear end
of our car.
You were right!
We're stuck in a big problem.
We should not have returned
to the house.
I'm calling the Emergency!
Hello. Emer... Emergency?
Listen. we need help.
We need help!
We're stuck in a problem.
Hello?
Hello? Can you hear me?
I'm calling from
Uppalapakkam.-Where in Uppalapakkam?
Coastal Paradise.
Sir. I can't hear you.
Sir. sir. sir...
Hello? Can you hear me?
Hello. can you hear me?
Hello?
- [Suresh] Hello?
- Hello. where are you?
I'm at home. What happened?
Your house?-Yes! Why do you ask?
Suresh. after you left...
Truly we are in
problem.-When did I come over?
- I never came to your place.
- Stop kidding.
When you arrived. there were no issues.
But now something weird is happening.
What are you saying?
Is there a problem?
Shall I come over?
Suresh. answer to my question.
Go ahead.
Is this the first time
you're going to come home?
I never did come over to your place.
Only now I will be coming over.
Why are you confused?
Why are you calling me so late?
Dude?
Is there a problem?
There's no network.
- But I was able to...
- There's no use. Aranya.
I spoke to Suresh!
He claims that he never came home.
How's that possible?
I don't get it.
When he came home earlier
he claimed that I called him.
Why did you ask me to come over?
I never asked you to come over.
You called me and asked me to come over.
But we sent him away.
citing there is no problem.
But only now I called him.
How do you explain his arrival earlier?
Oh. God!
This may be the phone call
he mentioned earlier.
I smell something is burning.
Hey!
Careful. Vasanth!
Watch out. Be careful.
The curtain caught fire
from a candle.
Do you remember?
I put out all the candles
after the power came back.
But all the candles are still burning.
When we stepped out.
someone broke into the house.
And have lighted all the candles.
Also. it's them who destroyed the painting.
Something is wrong with us.
Nothing out here is real.
Everything is a figment of our imagination.
We may be hallucinating.
How can both of us hallucinate alike?
How do you explain
what's happening out here?
Why are we not able to go outside?
Who are those people who look like us?
If they're...
If they're us...
Then who are we over here?
Are these our memories?
Or is it something like a possession?
Oh. God. Vasanth. they're real.
Why won't you believe it?
Do you even hear yourself?
This is not hallucination. Vasanth.
Then explain what's happening out here.
I don't know!
But since morning. you're disturbed
that something isn't right.
It's not just a disturbance.
- That sounded like our car.
- Right?
Vasanth. isn't it fire?
Yes!
How?
Are they experiencing the same thing as us?
If the same things are happening
to us and them...
if they're thinking alike...
and switch off and on the power
our guess is right.
Yes!
My guess was correct.
What are you doing?
Compared to them. we're ahead of time.
They're going to discuss
what we did earlier.
Our actions will influence them.
I'm doing this to avoid
any further problems.
What are you writing down?
I'm going to communicate with them.
I'm writing.
"We won't cause any problems."
"We are friendly."
Vasanth. be careful!
This is the same letter we wrote
at our house.
If the letters we write in that house
It gets delivered here...
that means there's no other house.
What if they wrote this letter for us?
Maybe! But we did not
see them on the street.
There's no way they could move
without getting noticed.
I swear I don't understand anything.
Hey. this could be a natural illusion.
A reflection. like a mirror image.
Don't you get it?
Check this out.
I've written a reply note.
Now. I will go alone.
I'm going to go and post this letter.
It will probably get delivered here.
You stay right here and wait for it.
Only then you'll understand.
Is it the same letter?
This doesn't seem right.
Something bad is going to happen.
Vasanth!
Hey... Hey!
Hey. let go of him!
Vasanth!
- Hey!
- Vasanth!
Oh. no! Vasanth!
Aranya. go inside.
- Vasanth...
- Go inside!
Vasanth. let me go!
Let go of me!
Let go of my hand!
I said go inside. Go inside!
What's happening out here?
Am I stuck in a nightmare?
Or have I lost my mind?
I may not understand these occurrences...
But it's happening for real.
Him attacking me is real.
Why did he attack me?
It is not right?
Something is not right?
Could you stop drinking?
Aranya. please calm down.
I can handle myself.
I know what I'm doing.
I'm already petrified.
You. too. don't scare me.
I don't know what else will happen
before this night ends.
Nothing will happen to us.
Vasanth!
Hey. where are you going?
Vasanth. please hear me out.
Vasanth. please stop!
What are you doing?
We reached out to the Emergency.
Also. we've called Suresh.
We'll get some help.
You need to calm down.
Come!
Do you still believe help is on the way?
We sent away the help we got.
We are bloody trapped here.
I know what I am doing.
Vas...
Vasanth. you're getting us
into more trouble?
- Vasanth. please hear me out.
- Wait here.
[other Aranya]I don't
need your explanation.
- I'm disgusted to even look at you.
- Please hear me out!
- Can't you hear me?
- I said. let go of me!
Aranya? Aranya?
Aranya. I made a mistake out of rage.
Aranya?
Aranya? Aranya?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Aranya.
What happened?
What?
What did you see?
I heard some noise from inside the house.
Do you remember?
Before we stepped out
the clock struck 2 'o'clock.
How is it possible
that we moved back an hour?
So. it's going to be 01:30 only now.
Check this out.
The burnt curtains are normal now.
The painting is not destroyed either.
That means it's going to happen afterward.
This is Ketamine.
It's used as an anesthetic
during surgeries.
If we mix 2-3 drops in the drink...
we'll be on cloud nine.
What is that?
I am speaking to you.
Vasanth. what are you doing?
Vasanth. stop acting crazy!
Can't you hear me?
Stop this nonsense!
Aranya. I'm doing it for your safety.
Your actions are scaring me.
First. tell me what did you see over there.
Please tell me!
My head is going to explode!
It's 01:30 a.m.
I thought we were past the danger.
How can you be sure the same
events will occur in this house. too?
Something is going to happen.
I can feel it.
Hey!
Hey. that car did not return
from the black patch.
It looks like it went inside something
and disappeared.
When we were trying to get out...
we crossed a darkness.
Do you remember?
Something inside that darkness...
Something is happening inside it.
Did you notice when the car
entered the darkness?
That it never returned.
Something is inside the darkness.
When all the street lights are on...
only at one spot;
why is it pitch dark?
Some force... like radiation...
But anything that goes into
the darkness does not return...
Why did we not disappear yet?
How are we able to get out?
Are we getting out?
Or every time we go in and out...
does the confusion arise?
Whenever we return to the house.
things are displaced.
Every time we get in and out.
we go inside different houses.
Without our knowledge.
we're getting lost every time.
Not sure if we are in our house
at the moment.
Come here. Sit down.
You don't get it.
I'll explain!
When we first stepped out
and returned to our house...
the curtains caught on fire.
We thought someone broke into
the house and set them on fire.
But that house was not our house.
What do you mean. "not our house?"
It's not the same house we stepped out of.
The paper note instance was the third time.
Now... Whenever we stepped out...
we did not note down the time.
But every time we arrived at a
different house at a different time.
Every time we cross the dark area...
like a Ferris wheel...
it transports us to different timelines.
Didn't we just see them at the other house?
Then. who is inside the car?
It's all us!
While we were in the car.
we crossed the dark area many times.
At least we would've crossed it four times.
That means the car would've
looped four times.
We have crossed four timelines.
- This timeline is one of them.
- Oh. God!
So. what next?
Are you suggesting that a problem
will arise at 01:30 a.m. in this timeline?
In about fifteen minutes.
Alright!
If you strongly believe in this theory...
why should we stay here
and leave it to chance?
As you mentioned.
the dark patch or the black hole...
Whatever!
Like a switch...
if it's transporting us randomly
to different timelines and houses...
Let us cross it consciously this time.
It could send us back to 02:00 a.m.
or some other timeline.
Also. we could escape at 01:30 a.m.
you've been dreading.
Maybe. this could be the loophole
to escape from this situation.
What do you say?
I am confused.
Something is not right.
It feels like a sustained Deja Vu.
I'm not able to make a decision.
Messed up!
There's nothing new left to decide.
This conversation and everything else
has already occurred over here.
[rhythmic reverberating sound]
If we worry about
what others think of us...
we can't live our lives.
How much will you smoke?
We arrived earlier.
Hello? Yes. sir. tell me.
The network is poor.
I'll step outside and speak.
Hello!
Hello. sir. One second. please.
Let's go!
Wait... Wait!
- Vasanth. hello?
- Hello!
- Where were you?
- I'm connected. Tell me.
How do you like my gift. painting?
Damn it. It's you.-Did you like it?
The painting is good.
But I was breaking my head
wondering who sent it.
But I doubted that it must be you.
- Really?
- But Prabha. I'm afraid of your actions.
I'm afraid Aranya is going to catch me.
- How does it matter?
- Are you serious?
Let's forget what happened the other day.
Let's not discuss about it.
Yes. for sure!
What I did was wrong.
Likewise. what you did was wrong. too.
It's in our best interest to forget
what happened on that day.
Aranya must be waiting for me.
I'll talk to you later.
Okay. bye. Goodnight!
Yes. sir. Yes. sir. Yes. sir.
That will be done. sir.
It'll all be fine. sir.
Okay. sir. Thank you. Goodnight.
Aranya!
- Hey. I'll be back in a minute.
- Sure.
Hello!
Yeah. yeah. definitely.
I'll call you back.
Aranya. please hear me out!
- Aranya. please.
- I understand everything now.
- You don't have to explain.
- Please hear me out...
Are you going to say
that you did not speak to Prabha?
Aranya. I spoke to her.
But it's not what it looks like.
How could you. Vasanth?
She's my best friend!
How? How could you do this?
- Didn't you feel guilty?
- I understand your confusion.
It would appear wrong if you only listen
to my side of the story.
But that's not the truth!
- Hi!
- Hey!
Hey. Prabha. what's wrong with you?
Hey!
What are you doing?
- Vasanth...
- I ought to!
You're still trying to feed me stories
and convince me.
You both have made a fool of me.
I did not know and brought her along
everywhere we went.
- Wow!
- Aranya!
- I'm done with you.
- Please listen to what I have to say.
Aranya!
Aranya. stop!
Aranya. please hear me out!
Aranya!
Every time we cross the dark area...
like a Ferris wheel...
it transports us to different timelines.
[voice echoing]
Have you ever done this before?
Vasanth. what's the hurry?
Okay. cheer up! Come!
There...
There's someone over there!
I saw someone looking at us.
I saw!
I told you!
That was the last time I saw Aranya.
After that. I could not find her.
What if I could not find her at all?
Aranya!
Who are you?
What are you doing over here
so late at night?
Sir. how did you enter the premises?
I entered through the gate.
How else would one enter?
How did he enter?
We got a call from a lady
citing an emergency.
Do you know anything about it?
Sir. that's my wife.
- Where is she?
- Sir. she went missing.
How?
You won't believe it even if I say
what's happening here.
I don't know
how will I make you understand?
Sir. if you enter this community
you can't get out.
Why is there blood on your face?
Sir. it's not what you think.
- You see...
- Is this your house?
Sir?
- Sir. please let me speak.
I can't figure out which one is my house.
Sir. supernatural occurrences
are happening out here.
- Sir...
- Wait...
When did your wife go missing?
It must be around 01:30-01:45.
- Do you mean during the afternoon?
- No. a while ago.
Do you know what time it is?
It's not even midnight.
Sir. that's what I'm trying to explain.
Strange things are happening over here.
I don't know how to explain.
- Sasi!
- Sir!
Blow your mouth.
Sir...
I asked you to blow your mouth.
I reckon this is not your house.
- Sasi. go and check.
- Okay. sir.
Sir. everything is broken inside the house.
All the mirrors are shattered to bits.
Something bad has happened.
Bring him in.
Sir. you don't know what's happening.
- I can't answer your stupid questions
- Where the hell are you going?
Hey! Hey!
- Hey!
- Sir! Sir!
- Stop right there.
- Sir. please hear me out.
Bring me the handcuffs.
- Here I come.
- Sri. let go of me.
Sir! Please...
Sir. please hear me out.
- Sir. sir. sir. Please. sir.
- Hey. shut up!
- Sir. DD case.
- I just had one beer.
How dare you drink and drive?
Get inside!
Come on. Sir.
Sir. I'm in an unexplainable situation.
Sir. If I am here...
I will lose the last chance
to save my wife.
Please. sir. I have to go...
Sir. I have to go!
Your wife. who called emergency.
is missing.
When I came to enquire.
I only found you.
You did not cooperate. beat up the police.
and tried to escape.
Now you're constantly yelling
to find your wife.
Sir. I was with her
when she made the call.
The problem she cited
is entirely different.
Sir. I apologize for my misbehavior.
Yet you're torturing me.
Do you call this torture?
I did not start with you yet.
Sir. on what basis are you holding me here?
Did she ever mention
that her husband is causing problems?
Within seven years of marriage...
if the wife goes missing
or something ill happens to her.
Do you know who's the first suspect?
Husband.
- Sasi. bring out the vehicle.
- Okay. sir.
You will remain here until we figure out
what happened to your wife.
- Selvam.
- Sir!
- Take care of him.
- Okay. sir.
Hey. stand up.
Come on. stand up.
Stand up!
I'm the reason she went missing.
Hey. can't you hear me?-It's my mistake.
I'm left with only one option
to make another mistake.
Get up! Hey!
Sir. please let me go.
You don't understand. do you?
- Hey. come on!
- Sir!
Sir. strike him!
Hey. let go of me!
Hey!
- Hey!
What happened?
It feels like this has happened before.
Watch now.
you'll see an old car arriving.
Hey. who are you?
Who let you in?
Hey. Ravi!
Sir!
Who are you?
Why did you follow me here?
Why did you come over there?
First. answer me.
My wife is missing.
I've been looking for her.
But I wonder why I felt the need
to follow you over here.
It's like a sustained Deja Vu...
it brought me to you.
Perhaps a similar meeting happened before.
That's why you followed me here.
I don't get it.
That place and I have
a long-term relationship.
That property belonged to us.
We lost it in an issue.
You asked me what brought me to that place.
The sound!
It's still ringing in my ear.
I heard the same sound again.
[rhythmic reverberating sound]
Years after...
I heard the same sound again.
Double homicide at the beach house
in Uppalapakkam. Chennai
Is businessman Ravichandran's son Manohar
the murderer?
That night.
only one thing was on my mind.
To kill them!
But...
Ganesh. what happened?
Who did this to you?
Why did you do it?
Hey. stop!
Who are you?
Stop!
When I cited this in the court
everyone laughed at me.
The judge ordered to check
if I'm mentally ill.
But it was proved I was not mentally ill.
So that place is the problem.
That's an old story.
During the British rule in India.
a secret lab was running a research.
No one knows what kind of research
was being conducted.
But in 1941. a huge accident
happened at the facility.
The impact has its after-effects even now.
What occurred to me sixty years ago...
and the current occurrences in your life...
In Quantum Physics
it's called Super Positioning.
In simple terms...
It's a parallel reality.
They're us!
But a different kind of us.
We consider it's only one reality as a
straight line from the past to the future.
But modern science says
there are multiple realities.
Scientist Schrödinger...
has stated a theory
to explain the parallel reality.
A cat is placed in a closed box.
A cake mixed with poison
is given to the cat.
What would happen next?
Either the cat will survive...
or it will consume the cake and die.
We believe this is the traditional logic.
But modern science states
both are possible.
The cat could be alive or dead.
But in our timeline
we can witness only one reality.
That's the law of nature.
But we saw ourselves
from different timelines.
You mentioned crossing a dark patch.
That's not just darkness but a portal.
Gateway!
Every time you cross this darkness...
you entered into a new timeline.
The spot that connects various timelines
is called a wormhole.
What is a wormhole?
A wormhole is an invisible tunnel.
A wormhole connects two timelines
and parallel universe.
Time is an illusion.
If you don't have another timeline
to compare...
you wouldn't know
the shift in the timeline.
The timeline you're in
will remain your reality.
From what I understand.
you went missing from your wife's reality.
Your wife may have come looking for me.
I may be explaining the same theory to her.
Everything is possible!
Do you know about the Bermuda Triangle?
There's a theory that it teleport
the objects
that comes in contact
to another parallel reality.
Sir. I'm not here to learn about a theory.
I must find my wife.
What should I do?
If you're looking for answers...
Do as I say!
Hello!
Vasanth...
The only connection between
the present and the past occurrences...
is the Super Moon!
The Super Moon is the trigger point.
Another forty-five minutes
it will be active.
Bear this in mind.
When the clouds cover the Super Moon.
the gateway won't open.
In 45 minutes. you must find
the reality your wife is in.
If you don't...
In all the realities. we are together.
How do I find the reality
in which Aranya is alone?
That too within 45 minutes.
Vasanth. please hear me out.
If you can't find the reality
in which Aranya is alone...
you need to do one thing.
What should I do?
Only one Vasanth and one Manoharan
can be in one reality.
As it's the law of nature.
I hope you understand.
Get hold of him.
Sir. I'll confess the truth.
But you need to agree to one condition.
Sir. he's scheming something.
- Don't trust him.
- Sir...
I'll confess the truth.
I killed my wife.
Where did you stash the body?
Sir. body...
Hey. go and check what the noise is.
Except for you.
there's no one out here.
Sir. I don't know
what's happening out here.
- Come with me.
- Please hear me out.
- Sir!
Sir!
Hey. stop! Stop!
Don't make a stupid move.
I won't hesitate to shoot you.
You can shoot. sir.
But not in this reality.
Sorry. sir.
Aranya!
Only one Vasanth and one Manoharan
can be in one reality.
Hey! Hey. let go of him!
Vasanth!
Aranya. go inside!
Vasanth. let go of me!
Hey. let go of me!
I said. go inside! Go inside!
Let it go!
Hey. Aranya!
What are you doing?
What's in your hand?
- I asked you to stay in the hall.
- What gift did you get me?
Can't I give you a surprise?
- Give it to me.
- I'll give it to you.
Have patience. I'll give it to you.
This way!
It's early stage.
Only after four weeks
baby movements will appear.
Hey!
Congratulations... to us!
- I have a gift for you.
- What is it?
What is it?
Cuban Cigars!
I made sure my friend from the Bahamas
brought it for you.
Hey. thanks!
You're going to be a father.
Don't smoke. Just admire them.
Who are you?
What are you doing over here
so late at night?
What's your name?
Can't you hear him ask you a question?
Tell him your name.
Why do you look worked up?
Don't be afraid.
Tell him your name.
I'm speaking to you!
What is it?
You look like you've seen a ghost.
Your wife came to the Police station
to file a missing complaint.
But you're having fun out here.
You're incorrigible!
Where did you go?
Hey. I was here...
I was looking for you everywhere.
I was so scared.
I didn't know what to do.
Umm...
Have we ever met before?
It's highly possible.
Really?
Highly possible. you say?
What kind of answer is it?
- Aranya. I'm sorry.
- For what?
For everything.
I thought you'd be angry with me.
I was indeed angry.
But I could not help it.
After I saw you again. I forgave you.
Suresh! Let me take it.
Suresh. Hi!
Sorry. I was about to call you myself.
I'm with Vasanth!
He was at the house all along.
I'm sorry. I panicked.
and I made you tense. too.
Can you blame me?
It's a huge society and just us.
Suddenly. we lost power.
He went alone to switch on the generator
and never returned.
I know. right?
He's an idiot! I was just...
- Hey. Aranya. hang up.
- What happened?
Hey. I was talking to him.
Tell me. what happened last night?
- Why do you ask?
- Tell me what happened.
I already told you...
We lost power. and you went to
switch on the generator.
- What happened?
- I went alone. you say.
You were gone too long.
I was waiting for you.
I was worried.
Later. I called Emergency!
So. after that power cut...
you stepped out of the house.
After that. only now have you returned.
Yes!
Why are you asking me these questions?
Time is an illusion.
If you don't have another timeline
to compare...
you wouldn't know
the shift in the timeline.
The timeline you're in
will remain your reality.
I'll use the restroom and get back.
All okay?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today